Manager 4.2: Add example for 'live patching based on a system' filter template in CLM (#1023)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/content-lifecycle.adoc

=== Live patching based on a system

> When you would like to set up a live patching project based on a kernel version installed in a specific registered system, you might prefer the "live patching based on a system" template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you want to set up a live patching project based on a kernel version installed in a specific registered system, you can use the "live patching based on a system" template.
```

When applied, this template creates two filters required to achieve this behavior:

* Deny patches that contain ``kernel-default`` package greater than a specific kernel version
* Deny patches that contain ``reboot_suggested`` keyword

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The second "catch-all" filter is a safeguard to make sure the assigned clients never require a restart in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second "catch-all" filter is a safeguard to make sure the assigned clients never require a restart.
```

> You can choose not to attach it to the project if this behavior is not desired as it might block other important updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose not to attach it to the project if this behavior is not wanted because it might block other important updates.
```

====

For more information on how to set up a live patching project, see xref:administration:content-lifecycle-examples.adoc#exclude-higher-kernel-version[].

.Procedure: Applying the template
. In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:Content Lifecycle[Filters], and click btn:[Create Filter].

> . In the dialog, click btn:[Use a template]. The inputs will change accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the dialog, click btn:[Use a template].
  The inputs will change accordingly.
```

> . In the [guimenu]``Prefix`` field, type a name prefix. This value will be prepended to the name of every individual filter created by the template. If the template is being applied in the context of a project, this field will be prefilled with the project label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the [guimenu]``Prefix`` field, type a name prefix.
  This value will be prepended to the name of every filter created by the template.
  If the template is being applied in the context of a project, this field will be prefilled with the project label.
```

. In the [guimenu]``Template`` field, select [guimenu]``Live patching based on a specific system``.
. In the [guimenu]``System`` field, select a system from the list, or start typing a system name to narrow down the options.

> . In the [guimenu]``Kernel`` field, select a kernel version from the list of versions installed in the selected system. The filter to deny the later regular kernel patches will be based on this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the [guimenu]``Kernel`` field, select a kernel version from the list of versions installed in the selected system.
 The filter to deny the later regular kernel patches will be based on this version.
```
